---
layout: article
title: ! 'Tourism in the Bay'
published: false
categories:
  - 'in-the-bay'
author: <a href="mailto:alexey@alexeymk.com">Alexey Komissarouk</a>
original_url: http://alexeymk.com/an-interns-guide-to-a-summer-in-the-bay-area/
image_url: /assets/img/cheesy-410x160.jpg
tagline: ! 'What to do when you get tired of talking about text editors'
---

Start-ups are awesome and all, but make sure you actually check out the Bay Area - the weather is fantastic and there are some great things to see.

- **Bike the Golden Gate Bridge in SF**: Rent a bike if you don't have one near Fisherman's Wharf, and do the two-hour bike ride through the Golden Gate Bridge and to Sausalito, (and Tiburon, if you've got the energy for it) then take the Ferry back.  Bring a group of friends. Sausalito is beautiful, the trip is well organized for tourists and a lot of fun. Don't miss this!

- **Jog Along the Golden Gate Promenade**: Crissy Field is beautiful during the summer. The Golden Gate Promenade runs through Crissy Field, right next to the shore. On a sunny day, the view is simply gorgeous. At the beginning of the Golden Gate Promenade is a popular beach that you can check out as well.

- **Outside Lands**: This yearly music festival is one of the best in the country; it features a huge lineup of fantastic and diverse artists. Past featured artists include Paul McCartney and the Red Hot Chili Peppers. However, make sure to buy tickets early--there are early bird discounts and tickets sell out quickly! 

- **Exploratorium**: Located on Pier 15, the Exploratorium is home to a multitude of interesting displays. However, the Explorium hosts an event called After Dark that is restricted to attendees 18+. Occurring on the first Thursday of every month, each After Dark event showcases more adult-centric topics and also features a cash bar.

- **San Francisco Bay's Aquarium**: This is a classic. Tour one of the best and most well-known aquariums in the country; the exhibits are incredible.

- **Shop in The Mission**: The Mission District is known for its eccentric shopping and fantastic small eateries and galleries. Walk down Valencia Street and check out the murals that stretch down alleys that break away from the main avenue. You can easily spend an afternoon wandering through The Mission with friends. Stop by Dolores Park, toss around a frisbee, and bask on the grass in the sun.

- **Little Italy**: Located in North Beach, there are many fantastic restaurants here. Don't just visit the sit-down eateries; also check out the bakeries and gelato shops.

- **Ghiradelli Square**: Hand-down, this is the best place to watch Fourth-of-July fireworks. Stake out a spot on the grassy area in front of the beach in the late afternoon and wait out the next couple of hours with friends. You won't be disappointing by the fireworks that follow.

- **Walk Around the Santa Cruz Boardwalk**: Rent a car or find somebody with one and drive down to Santa Cruz.  Check out the Coney Island-style outdated boardwalk/amusement park (I'm partial to the indoor minigolf course), hang out at the beach (take a Surf lesson if you've got the energy), maybe play some Volleyball. A quick not on Beaches in Northern California: They're pretty cold and windy, and something like two beaches have real sand. Santa Cruz is OK on a warm day.  It's still worth going, but don't expect to swim too much.

- **Tech Museum**: Located in San Jose, this is another classic museum destination. Visit one of the largest IMAX theaters in the country and tour the many exhibits.

- **Santana Row**: Also located in San Jose, this is a famous shopping district, featuring numerous boutiques and high-end stores. Catch a movie in any of the three neighboring theaters, or go shopping for more affordable items at Valley Fair, one block away. We HIGHLY recommend that you check out Falafel Drive-In, home to the world's best banana milkshakes and some fantastic falafel.

- **Napa Valley** if you're over 21 and don't mind spending $100 or so in a day, go on one of those fancy Napa Valley Wine Tasting tours (alternately, Bike and Wine tastings are fun too).

- **Organize a weekend trip to LA or a nearby National Park**: Rent a car and a cabin somewhere. Book a couple of weeks in advance. Don't expect to find a ton of space for 4th of July weekend. I never went, but a bunch of friends did and they thoroughly enjoyed the experience.

- **Lake Tahoe**: Rent a car and make the four-hour drive with friends to beautiful Lake Tahoe. Here, you can rent Kayaks and row to Emerald Bay, rent bikes and bike to Fallen Leaf Lake, or simply go hiking around the many small lakes in the area. This makes a perfect weekend getaway.

